DOC-236/Spend limit tutorial fix and update compiler (#420)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/tutorials/aa-daily-spend-limit.md

        },
    },
    solidity: {
        version: "0.8.13",
    },
};
```

::: tip zksync-cli

> - Use the zkSync Era CLI to scaffold a project automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the zkSync Era CLI to scaffold a project automatically. 
```
This could confuse users into thinking they have to use the CLI at this point (?)

if(!limit.isEnabled) return;
```

Before checking the spending amount, this method renews the `resetTime` and `available` amount if a day has already passed since the last update: `timestamp > resetTime`. It only updates the `resetTime` if the transaction is the first spending after enabling the limit. This way the daily limit actually starts with the first transaction.

```solidity

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

                uint128(0),
                abi.encodeCall(
                    DEPLOYER_SYSTEM_CONTRACT.create2Account,
                    (
                        salt,
                        aaBytecodeHash,
                        abi.encode(owner),
                        IContractDeployer.AccountAbstractionVersion.Version1
                    )
                )
            );
        require(success, "Deployment failed");

        (accountAddress) = abi.decode(returnData, (address));
    }
}
```

## Compile and deploy the smart contracts

1. Compile the contracts from the project root.

```sh
yarn hardhat compile
```

> 1. Create a file `deploy/deployFactoryAccount.ts` and copy/paste the code below, replacing `<DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY>` with your own.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create a file `deploy/deployFactoryAccount.ts` and copy/paste the code below, replacing `<DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY>` with your own.
```

> The script deploys the factory, creates a new smart contract account and funds it with some ETH.

Author: ```suggestion
The script deploys the factory, creates a new smart contract account, and funds it with some ETH.
```

  // });
  // await depositHandle.wait();

  const factory = await deployer.deploy(
    factoryArtifact,
    [utils.hashBytecode(aaArtifact.bytecode)],
    undefined,
    [aaArtifact.bytecode]
  );

  console.log(`AA factory address: ${factory.address}`);

  const aaFactory = new ethers.Contract(
    factory.address,
    factoryArtifact.abi,
    wallet
  );

  const owner = Wallet.createRandom();
  console.log("SC Account owner pk: ", owner.privateKey);

  const salt = ethers.constants.HashZero;
  const tx = await aaFactory.deployAccount(salt, owner.address);
  await tx.wait();

  const abiCoder = new ethers.utils.AbiCoder();
  const accountAddress = utils.create2Address(
    factory.address,
    await aaFactory.aaBytecodeHash(),
    salt,
    abiCoder.encode(["address"], [owner.address])
  );

  console.log(`SC Account deployed on address ${accountAddress}`);

  console.log("Funding smart contract account with some ETH");
  await (
    await wallet.sendTransaction({
      to: accountAddress,
      value: ethers.utils.parseEther("0.02"),
    })
  ).wait();
  console.log(`Done!`);
}

```

> 1. Run the script.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Run the script.
```

```sh

> yarn hardhat deploy-zksync --script deploy-factory-account.ts

Author: ```suggestion
yarn hardhat deploy-zksync --script deployFactoryAccount.ts
```

```

You should see something like this:

```txt
AA factory address: 0x56DD798Fa6934E3133b0b78A47B41E07ef1c9114
SC Account owner pk:  0x4d788b20f88040698acfcd195e877770d53eb70da1839c726a005ba556e6ffa6
SC Account deployed on address 0xb6Ed219bf1e40AF0b6D22d248FEa63076E064d3b
Funding smart contract account with some ETH
Done!
```

Open up the [zkSync Era block explorer](https://goerli.explorer.zksync.io/) and search for the deployed Account contract address in order to track transactions and changes in the balance.

:::tip
- For contract verification, please refer to [this section of the documentation](../building-on-zksync/contracts/contract-verification.md).
:::

## Set the daily spending limit

1. Create the file `setLimit.ts` in the `deploy` folder and copy/paste the example code below.

> 2. Replace `<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>` and `<<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY>` with the output from the previous section. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Replace `<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>` and `<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY>` with the output from the previous section. 
```

> 2. Replace `<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>` and `<<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY>` with the output from the previous section. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Replace `<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>` and `<<DEPLOYED_ACCOUNT_OWNER_PRIVATE_KEY>` with the output from the previous section. 
```

To enable the daily spending limit, we execute the `setSpendingLimit` function with two parameters: token address and limit amount. The token address is `ETH_ADDRESS` and the limit parameter is `0.0005` in the example below (and can be any amount).

```typescript

> import {
>   utils,
>   Wallet,
>   Provider,
>   Contract,
>   EIP712Signer,
>   types,
> } from "zksync-web3";

Author: ```suggestion
import { utils, Wallet, Provider, Contract, EIP712Signer, types,
} from "zksync-web3";
```

  let l1BatchRange = await provider.getL1BatchBlockRange(
    await provider.getL1BatchNumber()
  );
  let l1TimeStamp = (await provider.getBlock(l1BatchRange[1])).l1BatchTimestamp;

  console.log("L1 timestamp: ", l1TimeStamp);
  console.log(
    "Limit will reset on timestamp: ",
    limitData.resetTime.toString()
  );

  // actually do the ETH transfer
  console.log("Sending ETH transfer from smart contract account");
  const sentTx = await provider.sendTransaction(utils.serialize(ethTransferTx));
  await sentTx.wait();
  console.log(`ETH transfer tx hash is ${sentTx.hash}`);

  console.log("Transfer completed and limits updated!");

  const newLimitData = await account.limits(ETH_ADDRESS);
  console.log("Account limit: ", newLimitData.limit.toString());
  console.log("Available today: ", newLimitData.available.toString());
  console.log(
    "Limit will reset on timestamp:",
    newLimitData.resetTime.toString()
  );

  if (newLimitData.resetTime.toString() == limitData.resetTime.toString()) {
    console.log("Reset time was not updated as not enough time has passed");
  }else {
    console.log("Limit timestamp was reset");
  }
  return;
}

```

> To make a transfer, run the following:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Run the script to attempt to make a transfer.
```

yarn hardhat deploy-zksync --script deploy/transferETH.ts
```

> Although the error message doesn't give us the specifics, we know it failed because the amount exceeded the limit. You should see following output:

Author: ```suggestion
You should see an error message. Although the error message doesn't give us the specifics, we know it failed because the amount exceeded the limit.
```

> ```shell

Author: It might be a good idea to remove this output because it is nothing like what I saw.

Reviewer: the error thrown is quite big but in some parts it actually mentions the mentioned output

Author: i couldn't see it

> If the transaction succeeds, the output would be like the following:

Author: ```suggestion
If the transaction succeeds, the output should look something like this:
```

```shell
Account ETH limit is:  500000000000000
Available today:  499780000000000
L1 timestamp:  1683111266
Limit will reset on timestamp:  1683111958
Sending ETH transfer from smart contract account
ETH transfer tx hash is 0x90f1ca06e6b407dfba75da2b0e9a7d06909c1c7d702f9da44fa5124ae5864dfc
Transfer completed and limits updated!
Account limit:  500000000000000
Available today:  499670000000000
Limit will reset on timestamp:: 1683111958
Reset time was not updated as not enough time has passed
```

> The `available` value in the Limit struct was updated accordingly to the initial limit minus the amount we transfered.

Author: ```suggestion
The `available` value in the `Limit` struct updates to the initial limit minus the amount we transferred.
```

> Since the `ONE_DAY` is set to 1 minute for this test in the `SpendLimit.sol` contract, you should expect it to reset after 60 seconds. However, we're using `block.timestamp` so the limit is only reset after a new L1 batch is sealed (around ten minutes on testnet). To understand the reason behind this, we should know about a constraint of using `block.timestamp`.

Author: ```suggestion
Since `ONE_DAY` is set to 1 minute for this test in the `SpendLimit.sol` contract, you should expect it to reset after 60 seconds. However, we're using `block.timestamp` so the limit is only reset after a new L1 batch is sealed (around ten minutes on testnet). To understand the reason behind this, we should know about the constraints around using `block.timestamp`.
```

> ::: warning block.timestamp returns L1 batch value

Author: ```suggestion
::: warning `block.timestamp` returns L1 batch value
```

> The `block.timestamp` returns the time of the latest L1 batch instead of the L2 block and it's only updated once a new batch is sealed ( 5-10 minutes on testnet). What this means is that basically, `block.timestamp` in smart contracts on zkSync Era is currently a delayed value.

Author: ```suggestion
`block.timestamp` returns the time of the latest L1 batch, instead of the L2 block, and it's only updated once a new batch is sealed (~5-10 minutes on testnet). What this means is that `block.timestamp` in smart contracts on zkSync Era is currently a delayed value.
```

## Common Errors

- Insufficient gasLimit: Transactions often fail due to insufficient gasLimit. Please increase the value manually when transactions fail without clear reasons.

> - Insufficient balance in account contract: transactions may fail due to the lack of balance in the deployed account contract. Please transfer funds to the account using Metamask or `wallet.sendTransaction()` method used in `deploy/deployFactoryAccount.ts`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Insufficient balance in account contract: transactions may fail due to the lack of balance in the deployed account contract. Please transfer funds to the account using MetaMask or `wallet.sendTransaction()` method used in `deploy/deployFactoryAccount.ts`.
```
